March 2010
DISCHARGE SUMMARY :
Medical Record Number: yyyyyyyy
Patient's Name: xxxxxxx
Discharged from : HENRY FORD HOSPITAL
Date of Admission: 02/23/2010
Date of Discharge: 03/14/2010
Attending Physician: Max Kole MD
Resident: Scott Phillips
Submitter: Victor Chang
PCP:
PP:
CONDITIONS/DIAGNOSES:
Left PICA Aneurysm
Intraventricular hemorrhage and Hydrocephalus
2-23-10---Coiling of left PICA Aneurysm
Conditions/Diagnoses that complicated treatment/Significant Procedures:
Hospital Course dictation pending.
Hospital Course (Dictated):

This is a 48-year-old female who presented to the ER at an outside
hospital in stuporous state. Head CT there showed subarachnoid
hemorrhage and hydrocephalus. She was transferred to Henry Ford from
emergency room for a neurosurgical evaluation. Upon admission, she
immediately received a head CT. She was eyes open spontaneously, able
to barely say her name and able to localize with symmetrical strength.
An EVD was placed emergently in the operating room. CSF was under
pressure. A CT angio was also obtained at that time, it demonstrated a
left PICA aneurysm. She was taken back to the interventional
angiography suite for angiogram and during that procedure, we were able
to successfully coil the left PICA aneurysm. After the procedure, the
patient was managed in the neuro intensive care unit. Postprocedure
imaging, head CT for routine followup showed that the patient had a
hypodensity in the left cerebellum in the distribution of the left
superior cerebellar artery. This was deemed to be secondary to embolic
emboli from the procedure. On clinical exam, she had very mild leftsided
cerebellar dysfunction. It should be noted that the patient had
a prior CVA in which she had baseline right-sided facial droop. She
remained in the intensive care unit for EVD drainage and also for
vasospasm watch. She did not have vasospasm to the level that required
any sort of interventional procedure. She did well, her exam remained
stable. By the end of the 14 days in the intensive care unit the
patient's external ventricular drain was able to be discontinued. The
patient was transferred to the GPU. Physical therapy saw the patient,
they recommended discharge home. The patient was discharged with a
neurological exam that showed a right facial droop, which was chronic
and some mild left-sided cerebellar deficits, but other than that she
was neurologically intact. She was in good medical condition and she
has instructions to follow up in the neurosurgery clinic.
Patient Disposition: Routine Discharge
Patient Condition at Discharge: Good
TAKE THESE MEDICATIONS WHEN YOU LEAVE THE HOSPITAL:
ASPIRIN TAB 325 MG
What is it for: Anti-platelet
Take by mouth 325 MG Every Day
Start Date: 03/13/2010
Refills 0 times Dispense Quantity : 90
** Do Not Crush **
Prescription sent electronically to Rx-Pharmacy-Lobby-HFH
OXYCODONE TAB 5MG
What is it for: Pain
Take by mouth 5-10 MG 4 times daily
Start Date: 03/12/2010
Refills 0 times Dispense Quantity : 90
FOR PAIN. *Caution: High Alert Medication* *Alert: FALL RISK Medication.
Prescription sent electronically to Rx-Pharmacy-Lobby-HFH
PAROXETINE TAB 20 MG
What is it for: Mood
Take by mouth 20 MG Every Day
Start Date: 03/13/2010
Refills 3 times Dispense Quantity : 30
Prescription sent electronically to Rx-Pharmacy-Lobby-HFH
SENOKOT-S TAB 1 TAB
What is it for: Constipation
Take by mouth 1 TAB 2 times daily
Start Date: 03/12/2010
Refills 0 times Dispense Quantity : 60
Please take while taking Oxycodone
Prescription sent electronically to Rx-Pharmacy-Lobby-HFH
Medication Reconciliation Completed at Discharge

FOLLOW-UP APPOINTMENTS:
(1) call and make an appointment to see your primary care doctor within 1-2 weeks from
the hospital discharged date
(2) Follow up with Dr. Kole at K-11 clinic on 4-15-10 at 3PM---Call (313) 916-2241 for
any problems with your appointment date/time

FOLLOW-UP CARE / OTHER INSTRUCTION:
Call RN Elgie (313) 916-7041 for any signs and symptoms of infection: redness,
swelling, drainages, fevers, or foul odors from the incision---call for any neuro
changes such as seizures, slurred speech, disorientation or increased confusion,
increased headaches, nausea and vomiting, increased weaknesses or numbness of the
extremities, changes in the vision, and increased lethargy---No driving for 1-2 weeks---
narcotic medication may cause constipation, may need to use over-the-counter stool
softeners as needed-May need to do mild exercise as tolerated-No lifting of heavy
objects more than 10 lbs.-Protect self from further injury
Other:
Sent to:
Signed By MAX KOLE MD at 03/30/2010 13:31
