HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS 
XXX is a 26 y.o. right handed female with a history of complicated migraine with visual aura, right cavernous ICA 2 mm aneurysm.
 
Interval history:
 
She has had migraine headache since 2013. She had severe migraine episodes with visual aura, nausea, vomiting, photophobia, phonophobia and left sided weakness that last for 1-2 days. Her headache is throbbing, bilateral and worsens with activities. She has 2 severe migraine attacks/month on average.  Additionally, she has milder low grade headache almost 5 days/week. She has been taking motrin, tylenol and Excedrin for her attacks with minimal benefits.
 
Regarding preventative treatment; she failed topamax ( side effects: poor appetite and weight loss), Verapamil ( not effective but she was not taking it daily), cymbalta 20 mg ( not effective, took it for ~ 6 months, ran out of it 3 months). She is not currently on any preventative treatment.
 
Her last clinic visit was on XX/2016 with dr. Irshad. During that visit, pt was started on Cymbalta 20 mg with a plan to increase the dose. 
 
MRI brain in 2015 was unremarkable.
Most recent CTA head and neck Feb 2017: 2 mm aneurysm arising laterally from the cavernous segment of the
right internal carotid artery. Overall appearance is similar to the prior MRA examinations.
 
The prior headache history per dr. Irshad's note from the last visit on 6/XX/2016:
" To recap her history; she has been having severe headaches for almost 3 years which initially started off as being left sided, and started posteriorly radiating forward. They would last for several days, 3-4 times a month. They are pulsatile, throbbing in nature, associated with photophobia. She was having gradual worsening of her headaches. However, on every clinic visit, she reports that they are becoming worse and worse. They can range from being dull with periodic shooting pains and associated with photophobia, nausea, vomiting and dizziness. She initially tried Motrin or Tylenol which provide mild relief. She had an uncomplicated pregnancy and full-term birth in October 2014. Headaches were without change from October until the first week of February 2015. At that time, she began experiencing tingling and weakness on the left side of her face and arm, vomited several times, and was so dizzy and lightheaded that she fell down. She states it feel like her body giving out on her. These associated symptoms have since continued. Patient also reported symptoms of numbness and weakness on her left side prior to birth of her baby 6 months ago - always there but on occasions more prominent. She had falls due to the weakness. At times it felt like she is passing out. She presented with of loss of consciousness, headache and left sided numbness and weakness to HFH West Bloomfield ER in January 2015 and was sent home after a negative CT and was told to follow up with PCP for MRI/MRA. MRI brain and MRV were normal, MRA showed a right incidental 2mm laterally directed cavernous dilatation. She subsequently follow up with Neurosurgery who advised a 1 yr follow up MRA and no intervention. 
 
She saw Dr. XX in April 2015 who prescribed Imitrex and Topamax for her migraines. She took them straight for a month with no effect. She took Imitrex 50mg at onset with no change in headache. She also started topamax 25mg but this gave her a change in taste. She then started taking Norco for her headaches with no relief. Her headaches then began occuring every day since June 2015. She then began to have intermittent associated left sided weakness and numbness, slurred speech and blurred vision with her severe headaches. These symptoms would then last up to a day or 2 but not longer. The numbness and weakness start at her shoulder and over minutes gradually descend over her left arm and left leg. Headaches are also always left sided. She then stopped taking any medications. She also reports some hx of shaking followed by loss of consciousness but no work up was done for this. She was seen in clinic in September 2015 and she was diagnosed with hemiplegic migraines. Her imitrex was stopped and she was started on Verapamil 120mg daily and naprosyn as breakthrough for her headaches. Follow up MRA for her aneurysm was also ordered, which showed that aneurysm was unchanged. Since Sept 2015, she continued to have the headaches and Verapamil has had no effect. She continued to have the left sided migratory weakness and numbness and now states that it also travels to her right side. She then reported that her spells have always consisted of left sided sudden onset weakness and numbness which can move to the right side when severe. She also developed pains shooting up and down her arm. She often does not get the headache afterwards, but if it does occur it may be several hours later and can be on any side of her head. She also complains of shooting pains going up and down her back at times. All of her symptoms have been getting worse than before. She has been on disability since February. She also stated that with some of these episodes, she may become confused and has lost consciousness several times. She now states that this has always occurred with her episodes for the past year. She admited to being stressed, due to work and taking care of her daughter. 
She subsequently underwent an 8 hour EEG which did not show any seizures or interictal activity. She says she did not have her passing out episodes that day, although later said they do occur every day. She did however had her typical unilateral headache that day. On the last visit, given that her symptoms were changing sides and her examination had some nonphysiologic signs, we were skeptical on her dx of hemiplegic migraine."
 
 


