
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
Visit Vitals
•	BP	127/80 (BP Location: Left upper arm, Patient Position: Sitting, Cuff Size: 4 - Adult)
•	Pulse	82
Comment: Radial/RegHR
•	Ht	1.549 m (5' 1")
•	Wt	63.5 kg (140 lb)
Comment: PtDeclined
•	BMI	26.45 kg/m2
 

NEUROLOGIC EXAMINATION :
 
GENERAL APPEARANCE
The patient has a normal build and is not in any acute distress.
Able to palpate the edge of the craniotomy on the right frontal and parietal lobes
 
CARDIOVASCULAR EXAMINATION :
There are no carotid bruits.
 
RESPIRATORY EXAMINATION:
No wheezes, rales or rhonchi.
 
HIGHER CORTICAL FUNCTION - MENTAL STATUS
The patient is alert and oriented. Attention and concentration are good. Speech is fluent with no dysarthria and no aphasia. Recent and remote memory function is intact. Fund of knowledge is within average range.
 
CRANIAL NERVES II THROUGH XII
II - Pupils are equal and reactive without afferent pupillary defect. Visual fields are intact to confrontation. Funduscopic examination shows sharp discs with normal vasculature. III, IV, and VI - No ptosis, extraocular movements are full with normal pursuit and saccades and no nystagmus. V - Light touch is intact in all three divisions. Motor V is intact. VII - No facial asymmetry or weakness. VIII - Acuity intact to finger rubbing. IX - Palate rises symmetrically in the midline. XI - Shoulder shrug is normal. XII - Tongue protrudes in the midline.
 
MOTOR EXAMINATION :
Normal bulk and tone in all four extremities. Muscle strength is 5/5 in all four extremities.
 
SENSORY EXAMINATION :
Sensory examination is intact to light touch and PP.
 
REFLEXES
Reflexes are 2/4 and symmetrical in all four extremities. 
Plantar response is flexor bilaterally.
 
COORDINATION
Fine coordinated movements are performed well bilaterally.
 
GAIT AND STATION
Gait is normal. Romberg is negative.
 
IMAGING/TESTING
CTH and CTA head/neck


TECHNIQUE:
  
CT Angiography of the head and neck was obtained in axial plane after
intravenous injection of 75 mL. of Isovue 300. Coronal, axial and
sagittal Maximum Intensity Projection reformatted images were
obtained from the axial views for accurate evaluation of vessels in
multiple projections on an independent work station. 
  
3D Surface rendered images were also obtained in multiple projections.
  
FINDINGS:
Hypoplastic left vertebral artery. Significant streak artifact
severely limits evaluation for residual or recurrent aneurysm within
the region of the right MCA.
  
There is an infundibulum dilatation at the junction of the basilar
artery, left superior cerebellar artery and left posterior cerebral
artery.
  
There is no evidence of arterial stenosis or occlusion. Arterial
Aneurysms are not seen.
  
Head:
Right-sided frontal temporal craniectomy and parietal craniotomy.
Aneurysm clip seen over previously coiled right MCA aneurysm.
Hypodense regions seen within the right inferior frontal lobe, right
insular cortex and right posterior parietal lobe consistent with old
ischemic infarcts.
  
There is no intracranial hemorrhage, midline shift, or sulcal
effacement. The ventricles are all within normal limits without any
compression or hydrocephalus. The basal cisterns are maintained.
  
No focal intraparenchymal lesion or large vascular territory
infarction is present. Gray-white matter distinction is preserved.
  
The paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are within normal limits.
No fractures are seen.
  
Reformatted images confirm above findings.
  
IMPRESSION:
  
1. Significant streak artifact limits evaluation for residual
recurrent aneurysm within the region of the right MCA.
2. No other evidence for aneurysms, arterial stenosis or occlusions.
3. Stable appearance of right MCA aneurysm and aneurysm clip.
4. 3-D reconstructions reconfirm previously stated findings.

