INTERVAL HISTORY :

54 yo M PMH HTN, HPL, recurrent epistaxis since April 2014 for which workup led to discovery of aneurysm in R internal carotid (17 mm) s/p 6 coils.  Also s/p R sphenopalatine artery embolization.  Intermittent epistaxis t/o past week w/ significant bleed on Tues ("gusher") and bleeds again Thurs and Fri.  Pt sent to HFH ED by neuro-IR Dr. Kole who wanted pt to have MRA (Port huron hosp doesn't do MRA).  Pt not acutely bleeding t/o time in ED.  Hb 14.6
 
At time of signout pt awaiting MRA and results.  Plan: if significant findings --> neurosurg to admit.  If normal --> ENT consult.
 
Afternoon course:
MRA results, per neurosurgery, are as expected and pt does not need to be admitted to their service.
 
Upon speaking w/ ENT, pt not acutely bleeding - NTD in ED.  Do want pt to follow up soon since recurrent epistaxis and pt Hx do warrant further ENT assessment. 
 
All of this was discussed w/ pt and wife, who were agreeable.  Pt given instructions to follow up with Dr. Kole 313.916.xxx and ENT clinic 313.916.xxx.  Given instructions on epistaxis. 
 
Pt was stable at time of discharge home & was given information on signs/Sx warranting medical attention. Pt verbalized understanding of and agreement with discharge plan.  All questions answered.


 54 year old male who presented with right sided epistaxis in April 2014 found to have a 17 mm aneurysm of the intracavernous right internal carotid artery s/p coiling and s/p right sphenopalatine artery embolization. Patient has been without epistaxis until several days ago when he started having intermittent right sided epistaxis and sensation of blood in his mouth/throat. Patient states his bleeding is bright red without clots and resolves spontaneously in 10 minutes. Patient denies any headache, vision changes, nausea, vomiting, focal weakness, or focal sensory loss. Patient was seen in Port Huron 8/14 where CT head was negative for bleed or acute process. Patient contacted neuro-interventional radiologist who performed coiling Dr. Kole, who instructed patient to have MRA head with contrast. Port Huron does not perform MRA head with contrast, so patient was sent to HFH for further evaluation. He is not complaining of nosebleeds or other symptoms at this time. Patient is not on blood thinners.
 
 
		
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
Diagnosis	Date
•	Hypertension	 
•	Hyperlipidemia	 
•	Pneumonia	 
•	Thyroid nodule	 
•	Vitamin D deficiency	 
 
 
			
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY :
Procedure	Laterality	Date
•	Thyroidectomy, partial	 	2011
 
 
Family History

			
FAMILY HISTORY :
Problem	Relation	Age of Onset
•	Cancer	Mother	 
•	Heart disease	Father	 
•	Diabetes	Father	 

 
 
				
HISTORY :
Substance Use Topics
•	Smoking status:	Never Smoker 
•	Smokeless tobacco:	Never Used
•	Alcohol Use:	Yes
 	 	 	Comment: monthly or less
 
 
REVIEW OF SYSTEMS :
Constitutional: Negative for fever, chills, appetite change and fatigue. 
HENT: Positive for nosebleeds. Negative for congestion, rhinorrhea, sneezing, neck pain, neck stiffness and postnasal drip.  
Eyes: Negative for photophobia and visual disturbance. 
Respiratory: Negative for cough, choking, chest tightness, shortness of breath and wheezing.  
Cardiovascular: Negative for chest pain, palpitations and leg swelling. 
Gastrointestinal: Negative for nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, diarrhea, constipation, blood in stool and abdominal distention. 
Endocrine: Negative for cold intolerance and heat intolerance. 
Genitourinary: Negative for dysuria, urgency, frequency, hematuria, flank pain and decreased urine volume. 
Musculoskeletal: Negative for myalgias, back pain and arthralgias. 
Neurological: Negative for dizziness, tremors, seizures, syncope, facial asymmetry, weakness, light-headedness and numbness. 
 
