HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: 
I saw in the office this 68-year-old African-American lady.
 
1.  Patient complains of rectal bleeding.  She tells me this does not always occur only with hard bowel movements.  She states that her bowel movements are normal and she is very careful not to be constipated.  She strongly declines needing any laxatives or stool softeners, because she tells me she has more normal-looking bowel movement daily.  Though she has had rectal bleeding very often, almost every other day, and the amount is very large,  she reports it is the amount of "menstrual period."  She strongly declines this bleeding having any other origin, she strongly declines any vaginal bleeding whatsoever.
 
2.  She complains of urinary urgency.  She sleeps upstairs, and her bathroom is downstairs, she has a very difficult time reaching to the bathroom.  She has been having burning with urination, discomfort with urination.  Stat urinalysis today shows hematuria.  This is asymptomatic and it is microscopic.
 
3.  In regards of impaired glucose tolerance, hemoglobin A1c is 6.4 now.  We completed extensive blood work, results were discussed.  Blood count is normal, potassium is slightly low.  We discussed potassium-rich foods.
 
4.  She is known to have hypertension.  Blood pressure at goal.
 
5.  In regards of lifestyle, changes were discussed stopping smoking entirely, she tells me she decreased the amount of alcohol that she drinks.  She feels very fatigued.  She just organized her husband's 75th birthday, there were 300 people present.  She felt exhausted after it, and even during the party, she had to sleep.  I strongly advised her against any alcohol at all.
 
REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:   
No fever or chills, no tinnitus or scotoma,   declines  any chest pain or palpitations, no shortness of breath or cough, no nausea or  vomiting, no hematochezia, melena, or hematemesis, no dysuria or burning with urination, no weakness or sensorial deficit, no heat or cold intolerance , no new allergies or rash, no changes in memory or behavior, no blurry vision or diplopia, no adenopathy or weight loss.  All other systems as  written in history of present illness
 
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1. Impaired glucose tolerance.
1. Hypertension.
2. Right carotid terminus aneurysm, status post coiling, follows up with
Neurosurgery in that regard.
3. Hyperlipidemia.
4. Obesity.
5. Osteopenia, on calcium and vitamin D supplementation, DEXA scan was done in
2010.
6. Colonoscopy in 2010 was normal, noticed only internal hemorrhoids. Repeated colonoscopy in 2016: There was evidence of mild diverticulosis in the sigmoid colon. 
Internal and external grade II hemorrhoids were found.
7. Right knee osteoarthritis, status post intraarticular joint injection.
Hips osteoarthrosis
8. Degenerative joint disease in lumbosacral spine with facet arthritis.
9. Genital herpes.
 
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY: 
Unilateral oophorectomy at age 35, tubal ligation, left knee 
surgery, right foot surgery. 
 
SOCIAL HISTORY: 
Patient retired, was a hairdresser, she is married, has one biological son that is 40 years old. 
She is also working on  smoking cessation, and decreased the amount of alcohol she drinks.
