 
 
CHIEF COMPLAINT: 
Multiple complaints, followup on impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, dyslipidemia, right groin pain, left leg pain, bloody stools, etc.
 
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: 
I saw in the office this 65-year-old female that came in with a very long list of complaints.
1. She complains of right groin pain.  She is known to have osteoarthritis.  The pain occurs intermittently.  She takes Tylenol per needed, and also tramadol.  Pain management helps, and she also underwent physical therapy with some improvement, but the symptoms seemed to be more persistent.
2. She complains of left leg pain when she lays down at night on the left leg.  The pain is strictly located on the lateral aspect of the thigh.  She needs to change positions, and sometimes walk to resolve the pain.  This is strictly positional, and it is not constant.
3. She tells me she has had rectal bleeding quite often and very large.  She is known to have internal hemorrhoids demonstrating on the colonoscopy.  She has no abdominal pain, no fever or chills, no nausea or vomiting.
4. She complains of easy bruising.  I did not notice any bruising today.
5. In regards of impaired glucose tolerance, her hemoglobin A1c is 6.2.  She improves her lifestyle.  Most of all, I am very happy that she decrease the amount of alcohol that she drinks.  She tells me she drinks only occasionally, once or twice a week, and only 1 drink at a time.  Congratulated the patient in that regards.
 
 
REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:
No significant weight loss, no tinnitus or scotoma, no chest pain or palpitations, no shortness of breath or cough, no nausea or vomiting.  All other systems as written in history of present illness.
 
 
 PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1. Impaired glucose tolerance.
1. Hypertension.
2. Right carotid terminus aneurysm, status post coiling, follows up with
Neurosurgery in that regard.
3. Hyperlipidemia.
4. Obesity.
5. Osteopenia, on calcium and vitamin D supplementation, DEXA scan was done in
2010.
6. Colonoscopy in 2010 was normal, noticed only internal hemorrhoids.
7. Right knee osteoarthritis, status post intraarticular joint injection.
8. Degenerative joint disease in lumbosacral spine with facet arthritis.
9. Genital herpes.
 
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY: 
Unilateral oophorectomy at age 35, tubal ligation, left knee 
surgery, right foot surgery. 
 
SOCIAL HISTORY: 
Patient retired, was a hairdresser, she is 
married, has one biological son that is 40 years old. 
 She is also working on  smoking cessation, and decreased/stop the amount of alcohol she drinks.
 



