CHIEF COMPLAINT: 
Right hip pain, followup on multiple chronic conditions including impaired  glucose tolerance, hypertension, dyslipidemia.
 
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  
I saw in the office this 64-year-old  African-American female.

1.  Patient complains of right hip pain.  She started exercising more  regularly, walking almost daily.  She has right hip pain that radiates  towards the right lower extremity, and sometimes involves the right knee.  She used to have this on and off, but recently due to increased level of  exercise, it happens more often.  Sometimes, she takes Motrin 800.  She also  has intermittent back pain.  No numbness.  No weakness.  No saddle anesthesia.
 
2.  In regards of hypertension, after adjustment of medications, blood  pressure is at goal now.  She is compliant with medications.  She is taking  Hyzaar 100/25 mg daily, and atenolol 100 mg daily.  Chem-7 recently checked  is normal.
 
3.  She is known to have impaired glucose tolerance, with diet and exercise,  hemoglobin A1c is better, 5.8 now.
 
4.  In regards of hyperlipidemia, on low dose of statin therapy, LDL at goal.  Triglycerides slightly elevated.
 
 
REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:  
She has no fever or chills, no tinnitus or scotoma.  No  headaches, no chest pain, no dyspnea, no changes in urine or bowel habits.  All other systems otherwise as written in HPI.
 
 
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1. Impaired glucose tolerance.
1. Hypertension.
2. Right carotid terminus aneurysm, status post coiling, follows up with
Neurosurgery in that regard.
3. Hyperlipidemia.
4. Obesity.
5. Osteopenia, on calcium and vitamin D supplementation, DEXA scan was done in
2010.
6. Colonoscopy in 2010 was normal, noticed only internal hemorrhoids.
7. Right knee osteoarthritis, status post intraarticular joint injection.
8. Degenerative joint disease in lumbosacral spine with facet arthritis.
9. Genital herpes.
 
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY: 
Unilateral oophorectomy at age 35, tubal ligation, left knee 
surgery, right foot surgery. 
 
SOCIAL HISTORY: 
Patient retired, was a hairdresser, she is married, has one biological son that is 40 years old. She quit smoking in beginning of 2011.
