CHIEF COMPLAINT: 
Followup on chronic conditions including impaired glucose tolerance,  hypertension, hyperlipidemia, obesity, and smoking.
 
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  
I saw in the office this 64-year-old  African-American female.
1.  Patient is known to have impaired glucose tolerance.  Her diet has  improved.  She states that she started exercising 10 minutes every day on the  treadmill.  She drinks almost daily, couple of drinks per day, sometimes  cocktails.  This may also cause her blood sugars to increase.  Though her  hemoglobin A1c has improved now, 6.2.
2.  She is known to have hypertension.  Today, her blood pressure is about  the goal.  Though she states she had couple of drinks prior to coming in, and  considers that is the cause of hypertension.  She checks her blood pressure  at home, and finds values between 120-130s of her systolic.  She cannot  recall the values of her diastolic.  She would like to maintain the same  antihypertensive medication for now.
3.  In regards of dyslipidemia, she is taking Lipitor 20 mg daily.  LDL at  goal now.
4.  Patient is smoking, approximately 5-7 cigarettes per day.  We discussed  smoking cessation, she seems to get ready for it.  She tried Chantix in the  past without any side effects.
 
REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:  
She has no headaches now, no tinnitus or scotoma, no  chest pain or palpitations, no shortness of breath or cough, no nausea or  vomiting, no changes in urine or bowel habits.  All other systems are  otherwise negative, not pertinent unless listed in the history of present  illness.
 
 
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1. Impaired glucose tolerance.
1. Hypertension.
2. Right carotid terminus aneurysm, status post coiling, follows up with
Neurosurgery in that regard.
3. Hyperlipidemia.
4. Obesity.
5. Osteopenia, on calcium and vitamin D supplementation, DEXA scan was done in
2010.
6. Colonoscopy in 2010 was normal, noticed only internal hemorrhoids.
7. Right knee osteoarthritis, status post intraarticular joint injection.
8. Degenerative joint disease in lumbosacral spine with facet arthritis.
9. Genital herpes.
 
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY: 
Unilateral oophorectomy at age 35, tubal ligation, left knee 
surgery, right foot surgery. 
 
SOCIAL HISTORY: 
Patient retired, was a hairdresser, she is married, has one biological son that is 40 years old. She quit smoking in 
beginning of 2011.
