 
CHIEF COMPLAINT: 
Followup on chronic conditions, 
 
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: 
I saw in the office this 63-year-old  African-American female.  Patient is known to have a very complex past medical history.  Her blood pressure is in general well controlled with present  management.  Today she feels quite anxious, because she has had  this discomfort behind the eyes intermittently.  She describes it  as "eye pulling feeling".  When she gets this discomfort, she is  unable to look at the computer or at the TV.  She also describes  "a little headache" today that is also located around her eyes.  She was evaluated in ER for headache, at that time she was  diagnosed with migraine.  She had seen the neurosurgeon who  performed the coiling of the right carotid terminus aneurysm, for  this intermittent eye discomfort.  Patient is known to have left  carotid ophthalmic artery aneurysm, last MRI was performed to  reassess her symptoms of eye discomfort, done in October of 2012,  showed that the ophthalmic artery aneurysm remains somewhat  unchanged.  She is also known to have right posterior  communicating artery aneurysm.  For these aspects, she follows up  in Neurosurgery.
 
REVIEW OF SYSTEMS: 
Patient has had intermittent headaches since  after her coiling and it is mostly located behind the eyes.  She  declines tinnitus or scotoma, though she has difficulties  watching TV or computer.  She has no chest pain or palpitations,  no shortness of breath or cough, no nausea or vomiting, no  changes in urine or bowel habits.  She is quite anxious.
 
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1. Hypertension.
2. Right carotid terminus aneurysm, status post coiling, follows up with
Neurosurgery in that regard.
3. Hyperlipidemia.
4. Obesity.
5. Osteopenia, on calcium and vitamin D supplementation, DEXA scan was done in
2010.
6. Colonoscopy in 2010 was normal, noticed only internal hemorrhoids.
7. Right knee osteoarthritis, status post intraarticular joint injection.
8. Degenerative joint disease in lumbosacral spine with facet arthritis.
9. Genital herpes.
 
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY: 
Unilateral oophorectomy at age 35, tubal ligation, left knee 
surgery, right foot surgery. 
 
SOCIAL HISTORY: 
Patient will retire this year, she works as a hairdresser, she is 
married, has one biological son that is 40 years old. She quit smoking in 
beginning of 2011.
 
 
 

 

