HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS : 
Ms. XXXX is a 70-year-old female comes in for an annual exam.  She is without specific concerns.  She had not been here in a while because of insurance issues.  She had been on her husband's HAP, but there were 
administrative issues that caused her insurance to appear that it was not active.  She is very concerned that she does not get any large bills regarding her care health management.
 
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
Past medical history significant for high blood pressure.  She is about 2 years post coiling of cerebral aneurysm.  She has small residual aneurysm which is being followed by Neurosurgery.  
She has obesity, ACE inhibitor intolerance, arthritis involving the knees, hyperlipidemia, hiatal hernia, osteopenia.  She has a history of glucose intolerance with a 2-hour glucose tolerance test revealing that her 
sugar could go to 174.  She has history of diverticulitis in the past and she has a history of colonic polyp.  She is due for colon exam now.



FAMILY HISTORY :
Mother died at age 78.  Father died at age 78.  She is not  exactly sure why they passed away.  She has 4 brothers.  She had 5 sisters, 2  of her sisters deceased, 1 died of Alzheimer complication, 1 died of  
end-stage renal disease.

PAST SURGICAL HISTORY:  She had coiling of the cerebral aneurysm.  She has D  and C in the past and she had a tubal ligation.

CURRENT OUTPATIENT PRESCRIPTIONS: 
Her medications are as listed.  They include Maxzide, simvastatin, Minipress, Glucophage, Motrin, Plavix, atenolol, amlodipine, and Tylenol No. 3 as needed.
 


REVIEW OF SYSTEMS :
On review of systems, she denies eye problems.  No ear, nose, or throat  problems.  No mouth, tooth, or gum problems.  Respiratory review, she denies  any persistent cough, phlegm production.  She does have night sweats, but no  
fever or weight loss.  She is breathing good.  Cardiac review, she is having  no chest pain, no orthopnea, no PND, no ankle edema.  She has good exercise  tolerance.  GI review, she denies nausea, vomiting, no poor appetite, no  
difficulty swallowing.  No blood, pus, or mucus in her stool.  No black tarry  stool.  No abdominal pain.  Genitourinary review, she denies urinary  frequency, urgency, or burning.  No bloody colored, foul smelling urine.  
No  spotting.  She is sexually active.  Neuro review, she denies unexplained loss  of consciousness, seizures, severe headache, persistent dizziness, weakness,  numbness.  Again, she is about 2 years post coiling of aneurysms.  
She is  under care of Neurosurgery.  She is having no stroke like symptoms at  present.  She was asymptomatic when she had a coiling done.  Psych review,  she is happy.  Hematologic review, she denies easy bruising or bleeding.  
Endo review, again she has diabetes for which she is on Glucophage.  Skin  review, unremarkable.  Musculoskeletal review, she has few aches and pains  particularly with her knees.  Health maintenance review, her colon exam is  
due now.  Mammogram was done in July last year.  Pap smear done July last  year.

REVIEW OF IMAGING :
MRI brain in 2015 was unremarkable.
Most recent CTA head and neck Feb 2017: 2 mm aneurysm arising laterally from the cavernous segment of the
right internal carotid artery. Overall appearance is similar to the prior MRA examinations.





